Updated and clarified JWT documentation (#1146)
electric-sql/electric: docs/usage/auth/secure.md

## How the server validates auth tokens

> The sync service running in secure auth mode expects the standard `iat`, `exp` and `sub` (formerly a custom `user_id`) claims to be included in the token.

Reviewer: I would actually keep the old version of this paragraph for now.

There's another instance in this document, in the `AUTH_JWT_NAMESPACE` section below, where we say
> Currently, only the `sub` custom claim (formerly `user_id`) is required.

Given our incorrect treatment of `sub` as a custom claim (i.e. it is affected by the `AUTH_JWT_NAMESPACE`  setting contrary to the claim that you added in that section for clarity), I would opt for maintaining internal consistency within this doc and referring to it as a custom claim in all places.

We should then address the incorrect treatment of it in a separate PR and adjust the docs appropriately once that's done.

Author: ```suggestion
The sync service running in secure auth mode expects the standard `iat` and `exp` claims, as well as the custom `sub` claim (formerly `user_id`) to be included in the token.
```

Sure, reverting.
